It's a school work speech.
hamamatsu
the mark was to leave the baby I'm not going
choice to start univille will be york
he was here in the little face that
he overthrew integer and tumen who hit the
brother asked both out and beat up
minimizes litter on the paraná river
worth a lot
I nolito the squid and I'll connect the line
phone and the US is very clean in
36 the daughter than to each grandson and
would never be the first to
king that the pleasures to filiava
so propaganda was in the famous nest
have an American cup also
iap present grand daughter read me and mine
damn it hi girl
I miss you and there are also those who
They are seen a machine that really pampers
tells a lot and not please look who
in the really important things
My drawing the director to the tape.
freely they are worms that the
recognition of his personality that
was done by means of this type with
painting or discovering the personality
kind-hearted
imagine that in painting as by the
personality that made me wrong and everything
it was repeated at home
Then there concerns me unless the
final and please do not go well here
call the utah boys after all this is
much more doable fifth game
look at war daughter what zinos mat
so he is worried sick and also
of finals